Hackathon app bulk import update for hack@home (#340)
looker-open-source/sdk-codegen: examples/python/hackathon_app/README.md

- this launches the frontend static server at http://127.0.0.1:3000 which proxies fetch requests to the backend server

## Bulk import script

The `bulk_import.py` script reads a CSV file that has "first_name", "last_name", and "email" column headers and adds users to the hack instance.

> It can be re-run safely w/out duplicating users (primary key is "email"). It will send the user an account setup email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be re-run safely w/out duplicating users (primary key is "email"). It will send newly registered users an account setup email.
```
